## Configuration

### `products.dynamicData`

This section describes configuration fields that are evaluated at runtime.
For example, they can access data from S3 buckets.

### `products.dynamicData.fileSelectors`

File selectors describe how files are retrieved using a regular expression.
The `kind` field can be:

- _cached_: the file will be cached to disk for faster access from the UI
- _signedURL_: an S3 signed URL will be generated to access the file directly from the UI
- _fullProductSignedURL_: an S3 signed URL will be generated and transformed as follows:
  ```
  # Values from config
  fullProductProtocol="https://external-viewer?url=" # products
  fullProductRootURL="https://s3-server:9000"        # products
  kind="fullProductSignedURL(urlParams)"             # products.dynamicData.fileSelectors
  urlParams='{"key": "value"}'                       # products.dynamicData.expressions
  
  # Generated by the S3 server
  signedURL="http://10.10.10.10:9000/bucket/product.tif"
  
  # Resulting URL shown in the UI
  https://external-viewer?key=value&url=https%3A//s3-server%3A9000/bucket/product.tif
  ``` 

If the `link` field is set to true, the UI's image modal files list will display an HTTP link to the cached file.
These file selectors can be referenced in `expressions` (see below).

### `products.dynamicData.expressions`

> For more information on expressions, see the Expr Documentation.

Expressions compute values at runtime based on data such as files from S3 buckets (via `fileSelectors`, see above).
Functions starting with an `_` are custom utility functions and are not part of Expr's standard library.

The following expressions are "well-known" and are required for the UI to display information correctly:

- `productBasePath`: dir name of the preview file in S3
- `geonames`: geoname data as a JSON object
- `localization`: localization data as a JSON object
- `productInfo`: JSON object containing the following fields:
    - `title`: preview image title
    - `subtitle`: preview image subtitle
    - `entries`: list of image features (e.g., targets counts)
    - `summary`: specific information displayed in the top panel of the modal window (can be HTML)
- `productLabels`: JSON object defining the name and value used to define the cache_images_number metrics. Each label
  must be listed in the `monitoring.productLabels` section.

### `products.dynamicFilters`

Dynamic filters let the UI show or hide images based on values produced by expressions.

The name of each filter is used as the dropdown title.
The dropdown entries are computed from the referenced expression and evaluated per image.

### `products.imageGroups`

Image groups represent the main categories of images, each coming from a single bucket.

Dynamic data defined in a group overrides data defined in the root `products` section.

### `products.imageGroups[].types`

Each group is composed of one or more `types`, which separate images based on their product prefix.
On the UI, these types can be filtered in their parent-group dropdown menu.

Image types inherit dynamic data from the parent group and can override it.

### `monitoring.productLabels`

List of product label names defined in the `productLabels` expression,
which must be defined for each image type.
